As mentioned earlier, this activity requires a reservation for the IBM Technology Zone (ITZ) IBM Cloud Satellite - Level 3 demonstration environment. 

The full collection can be accessed <a href="https://techzone.ibm.com/collection/61f171ce1f25b1001fe35422" target="_blank">here</a>.

From the collection page, click the "Complete learning activity for..." link in left hand menu bar to view all the resources for the collection. 

To make a reservation for the shared environment, click the "Demonstration Environment: IBM Cloud Satellite - Level 3" tile or go <a href="" target="_blank">here</a>.

A reservation can be made for *near* immediate use by selecting **Reserve now**, or for future access using the **Schedule for later** option. The ITZ policy for this environment is a 2 day reservation that can be extended for a maximum of 6 days. 

!!! important "Plan your time!"

    While it will take approximately 4 hours to complete all sections of this activity once the reservation is ready, additional time may be needed to practice the demonstration script, complete the required Stand and Deliver (IBM employees), complete the business partner quiz (partners only), or to perform an actual client demonstration. 

When completing the reservation form, select **Practice/Self-Education** from the purpose field and specify **Level 3 Training** in the **Purpose description** field. If you are performing a client demonstration, select **Customer Demo** and provide a **Sales Opportunity number**. 

!!! warning "This environment not suitable for Proof-of-Concept (PoC) or Proof-of-Technology (PoT) activities"

    As this is a shared environment that provides limited access, this environment should NOT be used for PopCs or PoTs. Other ITZ environments or IBM Cloud trial accounts are available for those types of activities.

Proceed to the next section learn about provisioning IBM Cloud Satellite Locations, Services, and Link endpoints.