The previous sections of this activity have created and configured the resources required for client demonstrations. The following demonstration scripts are split to align with two of the key values of IBM Cloud Satellite and to separate out the required elements of the Stand and Deliver for IBM Sales and Technical Sales roles.

The first demonstration is focused on the ease of extending IBM Cloud Satellite to a remote location like a 3rd party cloud provider, client on-premises data center, or an edge location, and deploying satellite-enabled IBM Cloud services. This demonstration is like a baking show. The steps to **create** resources (unbaked) is shown, but instead of waiting for them to provision, the demonstration will shift to using already provisioned (baked) resources. This style of demonstration is used because the process to provision a Satellite Location typically takes 30 minutes or more and significant resources are required. 

The second demonstration continues from the first to show the capabilities of Satellite Config. In this demonstration, a sample application will be deployed using Satellite Config to remote locations and  automatically managed through a GitOps model of application development and operations (DevOps).

Each of the following sections provides step-by-step instructions for walking through the above scenarios. Following those steps is the easy part. The harder part of a demonstration is describing and relating the value of what is being done to the client. Sample talking points are provided. In addition, demonstration video of both parts is provided at the end. 

All sellers should practice their demonstrations several times before performing a live client demonstration or recording their Stand and Delivers. Be prepared for things to go wrong! How would you handle these scenarios?

??? question "What if the network used to connect to the IBM Cloud portal fails?"

    Try using an alternative network like a cell phone's hot spot. Have a recording of a practice session available that can be used in a worse case scenario.

??? question "What if the IBM Technology Zone environment reservation expires?"

    Don't let this happen! Make sure the life of the reservation is at least a day after the planned demonstration. This will also provide an opportunity to retrace the demonstration to help remember any client questions that may not have been captured during the actual demonstration.

??? question "What if the presenter before runs long and the demonstration time is cut from 30 minutes to 15 minutes?"

    Sadly, this is very common. Time management during a demonstration is critical. Be prepared to jump to parts of the demonstration that will most resonate with the audience. Have browser windows preloaded to key interfaces (e.g. IBM Cloud Portal, OpenShift web console, etc.) minimize loading time. Interactive discussions are great, but make sure questions and answers don't impact completing the demonstration. Some questions are best deferred til after the demonstration is complete.

And make sure common presentation best practices are followed like:

- Remove distractions. Mute cell phones, Slack, and anything else that may interrupt the demonstration.
- For virtual demonstrations, verify the audience is seeing what they should be seeing.
- Know what you know, and know what you don't know. If the client asks a question that you can't answer respond with "Let me get back to you on that." And then make sure you do! Don't dance, don't guess. 
- Know your audience! Understanding who each person is and their roles will allow the demonstrator to relate what is being shown to the individuals. Understand the clients business and industry so the messaging can be customized to their business problems.



Next, follow and learn a prepared script for performing a high-level demonstration of IBM Cloud Satellite that shows how easy it is to deploy a Location and Satellite-enabled services to Satellite locations.